do not
very good that as you are here
we are back in minecraft 1.711
point 6.4 sorry
fail and good you ask yourselves
I bring and they bring a new bar
and what is it going to be about?
preciousness
The first thing I say is that
details the esthetic is super currado
to be minecraft
It is made of cubes
and it's lovely a way that I would put a
of my series
And the first thing you can see is life
here it does not look good but
yes or his visa to her seen the hearts
now
Well, many guys are you
you will ask what happens
when it ends the hearts
you explained this is is
one touch
that when you give
then explode
and not european is everything but the cubes
this snowmobile
it works as much as
they work in all the blocks but
works best on ice and in snow
store I will put a little
for example this one that will be
without green
it does not get here over there what else
there is a little low
by land
but then come here and look
it was super fast what I liked about this
snowmobile is right now I am
giving the left and the right but not
but if it accelerates and if you look
that miserable movement I love
and go full steam
as well
this snowmobile
can go for a piece
above the water is useless general
but I will continue to see myself returning
sinking turning with touch
I do not understand it goes down until you
pulls out
walk to see if the car looks you stay
still
and the last ones
pencil
and it joins and sank
and there he stays only exploits jce because
it will be useful
and good as is being tainable
this beautiful level bike
what with its own sound
back that has reverse
well let's say
the first thing is the back seat and as
you know, I always put it as if it were
of character of lefts like this
and you take and then ski like that
the load
the exhaust pipe with wood and iron in
wood does not make sense if you do not
would burn this item does not have kraft in the
chassis has no crafter for anything
what little I know he did not find look
I do not know, we'll have to make an exchange
in your fluids if you want it
then the
I do not know how to call it I do not get the
let's call it rubber
they are made in this way
the engine as always iron and
and a piston
and to make the bike with all that
it is imposed in this way
and they give you a motorbike
and so what I thought of me
this bike the truth is that it is very good
you can get to the sites very fast
you can go killing
listen to me here there chicken chicken here
poor
you can kill chickens and you can upload
up to two blocks look here
You see no repulsive
I do not know what if apology can reach
to climb two blocks
but I thought the central having
space of your life 3
is that it makes the movement but it does not arrive
to go up
and good I hope you liked the
way to like to subscribe and
let's see if we're still here all day
and ah
goodbye